README.md, before:

# README file Creator

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Description

This application is used for developers to create a clean, simple and concise README file for their existing web applications. The developer can include detailed information about the steps taken to run their applications for better user experience. By using the command-line in the terminal, the user is prompted various details regarding their project, which then is uploaded into the formatted README file created.

## Table of Contents

* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Credits](#credits)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [Tests](#tests)
* [License](#license)
* [Questions](#questions)

## Installation

Step 1: Install the recommended Node.js for your system (please note that this may not be the most recent update, as some are more compatible than others, depending on your operating system).

Step 2: Clone the repository to your local system (Desktop location preferred for easier access).

Step 3: Install Inquirer.js npm package by entering 'npm i inquirer' into your terminal. Be sure that you are located in the repository directory before doing so.

Step 4: Enter 'node index.js' into the terminal to invoke the application's question prompts. 

Step 5: Answer all questions according to their prompts, and once entered, see the magic happen in your README file!

## Usage

The user will need to install Inquirer.js npm package to their repo before initializing the application functions. This will enable the user to answer the required questions and dynamically create their answers into the README file.

For an example of this application's usage, please open the 'README-Creator-TEST' file in this repository. 

## License

This project is MIT licensed.

## Questions

For more information about this application, or if you have any additional questions, do not hesitate to reach out to me via GitHub or E-mail.

- [Github](https://www.github.com/rgr5035)
- [Email](mailto:rgr5035@gmail.com)

Commit message:

added video to README and added test README

README.md, after:

# README file Creator

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Description

This application is used for developers to create a clean, simple and concise README file for their existing web applications. The developer can include detailed information about the steps taken to run their applications for better user experience. By using the command-line in the terminal, the user is prompted various details regarding their project, which then is uploaded into the formatted README file created.

## Table of Contents

* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Credits](#credits)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [Tests](#tests)
* [License](#license)
* [Questions](#questions)

## Installation

Step 1: Install the recommended Node.js for your system (please note that this may not be the most recent update, as some are more compatible than others, depending on your operating system).

Step 2: Clone the repository to your local system (Desktop location preferred for easier access).

Step 3: Install Inquirer.js npm package by entering 'npm i inquirer' into your terminal. Be sure that you are located in the repository directory before doing so.

Step 4: Enter 'node index.js' into the terminal to invoke the application's question prompts. 

Step 5: Answer all questions according to their prompts, and once entered, see the magic happen in your README file!

## Usage

Please reference this video for a how-to demo of the application: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1AExmLWwlaZ_g4WLss0tdAx1lgMNrq92d/view

The user will need to install Inquirer.js npm package to their repo before initializing the application functions. This will enable the user to answer the required questions and dynamically create their answers into the README file.

For an example of this application's usage, please open the 'README-Creator-TEST' file in this repository. 

## License

This project is MIT licensed.

## Questions

For more information about this application, or if you have any additional questions, do not hesitate to reach out to me via GitHub or E-mail.

- [Github](https://www.github.com/rgr5035)
- [Email](mailto:rgr5035@gmail.com)
